Investors' Group are Forewarning that the Broker's License Suspension Would Result in them Protesting On the Streets - || ShareSansar ||


Investors' group are forewarning that the broker's license suspension would result in them protesting on the streets. Here is what they have said-

On behalf of 54 lakh investors, we would like to draw the attention of all concerned that all the steps being taken by the Nepal Stock Exchange (NEPSE), Securities Board of Nepse (SEBON), and other agencies of the Government of Nepal in accordance with our agreement with the investors and our demand to organize the capital market of Nepal through correct policy rules, cutting-edge technology, infrastructure, and strict regulation, will be hampered if some self-serving groups put obstacles in their way and stop them.

The Nepalese capital market violates the constitution and anti-government laws because it is prohibited from modernization and is kept under the control of a small number of people or groups. We warn the relevant stakeholders that Nepal's capital market will suffer a huge loss and will be pushed back for years.

The 58-point recommendations and 19-point agreement should be immediately and fully implemented without creating any obstacles or opposition, the investment of ordinary investors should be protected, the backbone of the country's economy should be strengthened, and the investment environment should be prepared. The government and associated entities are hereby urged to comply. If it is not complied than we will be protesting on the streets. 

-On behalf of 54 Lakh investors:



Nepal Stock Exchange Limited

Securities Board of Nepal

Rise in Impairment Charges & Interest Expenses Results in Net Loss of Rs. 1.18 Crores of Grameen Bikas Laghubitta for Q1; NPL at 4.91%

Rs 21 Billion Worth of Deposit Increased On The Third Week of Kartik, Lending Down by Rs. 1 Billion

Investors' Group are Forewarning that the Broker's License Suspension Would Result in them Protesting On the Streets

NEPSE Fall Mere 0.33% to Settle at 1,958.94 Levels; Intraday Turnover Inclined to Rs. 2.109 Arba

30-day Application Deadline for Users Who Want To Use NEPSE's API -Data Usage; What are the Rates to Get Access to API?

“Things to Know before investing in Mutual Fund Schemes – NMB Capital Ltd.” interaction with Deepesh Kumar Vaidya, CEO of NMB Capital Ltd

Public Issue of "Nabil Balanced Fund III" Opening From Today; Exclusive Interview With CEO

"Sustainable Banking Is Not Just Another Banking Scheme, It Is a New Banking Culture": Interview with Nabil Bank Chairman Upendra Poudyal

Mega Capital's First Mutual Fund Opening Today; Exclusive Interview With CEO on Fund's Unique Investment Approach

Prabhu Select Fund will Invest on Best of the Best Stock: Interview with Chief Operating Officer Krishna Giri regarding Upcoming IPO Issue

